"People always say that you can't please everybody. I think that's a cop-out. Why not attempt it? Cause think of all the people that you will please if you try."

"If I got any cooler I would freeze to death"

"I hear people say this person is cool and this person is not cool. People are cool. Man has never invented anything as awesome as a an actual person but sometimes we value the objects we create over life itself"

"I'm a creative genius"

"We're going to move the entire music industry into the 21st Century"

"The world needs more Joy... this idea is super fresh"

"Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness."

"Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love"

"There are 5 main pillars in a professional musicians business - Recording, Publishing, Touring, Merchandise & Name and likeness"

"People say it's enough and I got my point across ... the point isn't across until we cross the point"

"Winning is the only option"

"Truth is my goal. Controversy is my gym. I'll do a hundred reps of controversy for a 6 pack of truth"

"Manga all day"

"I'm the new Moses"

"Who made up the term major label in the first place???"

"I'm on the pursuit of awesomeness, excellence is the bare minimum."

"My mother in law Kris Jenner ... makes the best music playlist"

"We've gotten comfortable with not having what we deserve"

"Ma$e is one of my favorite rappers and I based a lot of my flows off of him"

"My mama was a' English teacher. I know how to use correct English but sometimes I just don't feel like it aaaand I ain't got to"

"Man... whatever happened to my antique fish tank?"

"We used to diss Michael Jackson the media made us call him crazy ... then they killed him"

"I really love my Tesla. I'm in the future. Thank you Elon."

"I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle"

"Only free thinkers"

"I wish I had a friend like me"

"Tweeting is legal and also therapeutic"

"Distraction is the enemy of vision"

"We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew."

"Trust me ... I won't stop"

"Artists are founders"

"All you have to be is yourself"

"For me to say I wasn't a genius I'd just be lying to you and to myself"

"The world is our office"

"I am the head of Adidas. I will bring Adidas and Puma back together and bring me and jay back together"

"Two years ago we had 50 million people subscribed to music streaming services around the world. Today we have 400 million."

"My greatest award is what I'm about to do."

"If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed."

"Decentralize"

"The world is our family"

"My first pillar when I'm on the board of adidas will be an adidas Nike collaboration to support community growth"

"There's so many lonely emojis man"

"Sometimes I push the door close button on people running towards the elevator. I just need my own elevator sometimes. My sanctuary."

"Keep squares out yo circle"

"I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka...and welcome to my chocolate factory."

"My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live."

"I feel calm but energized"

"I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex"

"If I don't scream, if I don't say something then no one's going to say anything."

"We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it."

"I watch Bladerunner on repeat"

"There's a crying need for civility across the board. We need to and will come together in the name of Jesus."

"Just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying."

"There are people sleeping in parking lots"

"We will change the paradigm"

"Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the rising sun."

"The media tries to kill our heroes one at a time"

"I need an army of angels to cover me while I pull this sword out of the stone"

"I channel Will Ferrell when I'm at the daddy daughter dances"

"I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it."

"Life is the ultimate gift"

"Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on"

"One of my favorite of many things about what the Trump hat represents to me is that people can't tell me what to do because I'm black"

"People tried to talk me out of running for President. Never let weak controlling people kill your spirit"

"Burn that excel spread sheet"

"Perhaps I should have been more like water today"

"We as a people will heal. We will insure the well being of each other"

"You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing."

"Pulling up in the may bike"

"I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a f#%k is caring the most."

"We are here to complete the revolution. We are building the future"

"For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success"

"I don't expect to be understood at all."

"I spoke to Dave Chapelle for two hours this morning. He is our modern day Socrates"

"I've known my mom since I was zero years old. She is quite dope."

"Empathy is the glue"

"George Bush doesn't care about black people"

"For me giving up is way harder than trying."

"Style is genderless"

"We have to evolve"

"Sometimes you have to get rid of everything"

"I leave my emojis bart Simpson color"

"I honestly need all my Royeres to be museum quality... if I see a fake Royere Ima have to Rick James your couch"

"I want the world to be better! All I want is positive! All I want is dopeness!"

"One day I'm gon' marry a porn star"

"Have you ever thought you were in love with someone but then realized you were just staring in a mirror for 20 minutes?"

"We will be recognized"

"Today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better"

"We will cure hunger"

"Speak God's truth to power"

"I'm the best"

"I'm nice at ping pong"

"Shut the fuck up I will fucking laser you with alien fucking eyes and explode your fucking head"

"People only get jealous when they care."

"I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas"

"I don't wanna see no woke tweets or hear no woke raps ... it's show time ... it's a whole different energy right now"

"My memories are from the future"

"I'm going to personally see to it that Taylor Swift gets her masters back. Scooter is a close family friend"

"All the musicians will be free"

"I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh."

"We must form a union. We must unify"

"I love UZI. I be saying the same thing about Steve Jobs. I be feeling just like UZI"

"Buy property"

"We must and will cure homelessness and hunger. We have the capability as a species"

"I love sleep; it's my favorite."

"I am one of the most famous people on the planet"

"So many of us need so much less than we have especially when so many of us are in need"

"Let's be like water"

"I am running for President of the United States"

"Culture is the most powerful force in humanity under God"

"I give up drinking every week"

"You basically can say anything to someone on an email or text as long as you put LOL at the end."