“Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.”

“You have to think anyway, so why not think big?”

“I like thinking big. If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.”

“What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.”

“Without passion, you don’t have energy. Without energy, you have nothing.”

“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.”

“As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big.”

“I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That's where the fun is.”

“Everything in life is luck.”

“The point is that you can’t be too greedy.”

“I’m a bit of a P. T. Barnum. I make stars out of everyone.”

“I’m the best. I mean, I do this stuff better than anybody.”

“I’m intelligent. Some people would say I’m very, very, very intelligent.”

“I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I’m more honest and my women are more beautiful.”

“Part of the beauty of me is that I’m very rich.”

“I’m very highly educated. I know words, I have the best words.”

“I have a great relationship with the Blacks. I’ve always had a great relationship with the Blacks.”

“I think I am actually humble. I think I’m much more humble than you would understand.”

“I am a really nice guy. Some people think I’m just a horrible human being.”

“The beauty of me is that I’m very rich.”

“It’s freezing and snowing in New York – we need global warming!”

“I will build a great wall – and nobody builds walls better than me, believe me.”

“Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest – and you all know it!”

“I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn’t lose any voters.”

“I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me.”

“My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.”

“Nobody has better respect for intelligence than Donald Trump.”

“I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating her.”

“We’re going to have insurance for everybody.”

“When Mexico sends its people, they’re not sending their best.”

“We will make America great again.”

“I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.”

“I am your voice.”

“The American dream is dead – but I’m going to make it bigger, better, and stronger than ever.”

“Together, we will lead our party back to the White House, and we will lead our country back to safety, prosperity, and peace.”

“I know the best people. I have the best people.”

“You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write, as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.”

“Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make.”

“I have a great relationship with Mexico – I love the Mexican people.”

“I alone can fix it.”

“Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.”

“I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.”

“We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.”

“I don’t think we need the help of the media.”

“I think we have one of the great cabinets ever put together.”

“I’m not sure that I’ve ever even heard of a Category 5.”

“People are flushing toilets 10 times, 15 times, as opposed to once.”

“I know more about wind than you do. It’s extremely expensive. Kills all the birds.”

“Why are we having all these people from sh*thole countries come here?”

“When you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.”

“It’s always good to be underestimated.”

“Show me someone without an ego, and I’ll show you a loser.”

“I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. That’s where the fun is.”

“When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough.”

“I try to hire people who work for money, but also know that money isn't everything.”

“Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don’t make.”

“Anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken.”

“Courage is not the absence of fear. Courage is the ability to act effectively, in spite of fear.”

“I could name many things that I’m the best at, but golf is probably one of them.”

“The harder I work, the luckier I get.”

“I don’t settle for second place.”

“If you’re going to be thinking anything, think big.”

“Nothing is more important than loyalty.”

“I’m a natural-born winner.”

“In the end, you’re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish.”

“Winning isn’t everything, it’s the only thing.”

“The first thing you need to do is get out of your comfort zone.”

“Without passion, you don’t have energy. Without energy, you have nothing.”

“Sometimes by losing a battle, you find a new way to win the war.”

“If you don’t win, you don’t know what it feels like to lose.”

“My Twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.”

“You know, it really doesn’t matter what the media write, as long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.”

“Fake news is at an all-time high. More fake than ever before.”

“I think I’m actually humble. I think I’m much more humble than you would understand.”

“The media loves me for the same reason the public loves me. They understand that I’m bringing something fresh to the game.”

“The press doesn’t cover me accurately. They’ve never covered me accurately.”

“There’s no such thing as negative publicity.”

“I’m the Ernest Hemingway of 140 characters.”

“My use of social media is not presidential – it’s MODERN presidential.”

“If I wasn’t famous, nobody would care about what I say on Twitter.”

“You have to be loyal. That’s the key to success.”

“Ivanka’s been my friend, she’s my daughter. But she’s also my advisor. She knows me better than anybody.”

“My whole life really has been a ‘no’ and I fought through it.”

“When you lose someone you love, you see what matters.”

“It’s a tough world. You have to compete.”

“People say to me, ‘Would you do it over again?’ I always say, ‘I’d have had one wife.’”

“You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do.”

“The beauty of family is that it’s forever. You fight for them.”

“Your best friends will challenge you, and your worst enemies will lie to you.”

“Family is where you learn to fight. And to love.”

“We need leaders, not talkers.”

“If you don’t tell people about your success, they probably won’t know.”

“Life is a game, and you have to play to win.”

“Excuse me, I don’t like losers.”

“I have to admit, I’m a bit of a clean freak.”

“I only work with the best.”

“Trust me, it’s good to be Trump.”

“I know success better than anyone.”

“If you’re interested in ‘balancing’ work and pleasure, stop trying to balance them. Instead, make your work more pleasurable.”

“At the end of the day, you have to be yourself. Otherwise, what’s the point?”